- The [[Infernalpaca]] in [[Molan]] Menagerie is missing! After a talk with [[Molan#Fria Coleen]] at Fria’s Fryer, you have been tasked by Jestle Rue to locate the missing beast. Bilsko Ghee, head of the Livestock Department, doesn’t know where he’s gone, but talking with his herd reveals they saw Zaltaen Gallori, the head of the exotic creatures department, shearing the Hell-paca in the night…
	- Whether following the pack's advice or through sheer investigation, interrogation of Zaltaen Gallori or proper inspection of his office indicates he did indeed have [[Infernalpaca]] fur in his possession. Feeling jealous of the fact the beast was not trusted to his department, he struck a deal with Curator Clyle at [[Molan#The Gaske Tumn Museum of Gallantry and Heroism]] to sell the fur, with Clyle knowing that Zaltaen already possessed the expensive equipment to acquire such fur, with museum funds running low…
	- Alternatively, returning to Fria Coleen reveals she encountered a pair of ruffians causing havoc in her establishment near closing time. She would’ve thrown them out if they weren’t loaded, foolishly spending whatever cash they had to gorge themselves on her finest food. It was clear to her that they had been paid recently. She will mention her disdain at the spoiled crockery, with their hands covered in ash from the hell-paca’s coat. These two Bandits will ambush the player on the road outside of the menagerie (which Fria will hint at), and once defeated can be bribed or questioned to reveal their buyer, The Gaske Tumn Museum of Gallantry and Heroism. Alternatively, their orders from the museum can be picketed of their body
- Once at The Gaske Tumn Museum of Gallantry and Heroism, Curator Clyle will feign ignorance and suggest that the party search the archives in the basement to see if such a thing would be there, obviously fairly frantic with the reorganisation of the museum…
	- Searching the archives will cause quite the shock as 3 Animated Taxidermy sculk around the basement before ambushing the party. Further investigation of the basement will reveal the source of these monstrosities -[[Vaul's Fang]] (DC 15 religion / DC 10 for followers of [[Gelwaré]]) lies in a case surrounded by the three cases that once contained the taxidermy. Investigating these reveals they were stuffed and taxidermied by Brian Jollipet (DC 10 nature)…
	- Searching the museum will reveal an exhibit featuring wax figure of [[Molan#Duke Tumm]] wearing a pair of unusual britches, with a caption explaining they are speciality britches granting resistance to the exotic steed the duke is riding, fashioned courtesy of Kiskey, Botch and Vallaway Weaving Inc. The steed itself and corresponding plaque are unimplemented leaving KBV as the only lead…
		- Once at [[Molan#Kiskey, Botch and Vallaway Weaving Inc.]], Wern Vallaway will not be present, and both Cloy Kiskey and Ekkesque Botch will insist he is out on business, and will suggest the party visits the other weavers in town, [[Molan#Brian Jollipet]], to take care of their problems, acting very dismissive towards the party and insisting they leave the location…
		- Should the party sneak in (DC 13 Stealth) they can discover the following before heading to Jollipet and Co., Weavers:
			- Correspondence between Wern Vallaway and Jannet Jollipet indicating a need for her assistance in weaving a certain garment by appointment of Duke Tumm (The [[Infernalpaca]] wool britches). This suggests problems with the mills (DC 10 investigation)
			- Correspondence between Kiskey, Botch and Vallaway Weaving Inc and Curator Clyle, asking for discretion in the making of the [[Infernalpaca]] wool britches (DC 15 investigation)
			- Further investigation of the machines (DC 13 investigation) reveals their lack of finesse - the fabric coming out of the machines is crude, Wern’s lab reveals the illusion magics used to disguise the silks (DC 15 Arcana)
# Paignton The Peerless
- Great hero from Wyke who fought against a forgotten threat
- Now lies at the bottom of [[Molan#The Gaske Tumn Museum of Gallantry and Heroism]]’s archive, slowly being forgotten so [[Molan#Duke Tumm]] can bolster his ego once more, painting himself as a hero as opposed to a cowardly figure consumed with greed