# Setting up the Festival
Consorts' day is a yearly festival at the village of [[Oakenhead]], which takes place on the second Sunday of Spring. The festival focuses on fertility and virginity, and the finding of a new bride for [[Ayle Hermand]], who the residents believe is [[The Starlit Prince]].

[[Oakenhead]] is a small village off [[Aberfwyn#Aberfwyn Road]], connecting the capital to the sleepy seaport of [[Aberfwyn]]. The road is scarcely travelled these days, thanks to the rise in popularity of [[Tackwell]] has rendered foot traffic to the village scarcer than ever, and it has settled into a sleepy monotony, producing food for the ever-busy capital.

The party, however, arrive earlier in the day: the feast is not yet prepared, only a few stalls have already been set up. The early birds are spotted by [[#Galen]], an elder of the feast, who explains a little of the celebration, and propositions the party to search for [[#Fast]], a mead merchant. In exchange, Galen offers the party seats at the long table, and food and drink come feasting time.

Fast is hours late, but Galen is not at all concerned: Fast's nickname isn't thanks to his speedy deliveries - he's quick in "another matter". Fast is travelling from [[Diddipet]], a neighbouring village, but perhaps he has been waylaid from the trail - or has simply slept in.

As the party leave, they encounter children mummers. They're rehearsing for a performance later in the day. One is shrouded in black cloth, with a ram's skull poking out of the top, with the kid chattering its mouth when it speaks. Their feet stick out of the cloak at the bottom.

As the party travel the road to Diddipet, they hear an unusual tuneful whistling. Fast's mule is stopped by the side of the road, and seems unsettled. Looking around, or following the whistling, the party find Fast stood a ways from the road, on top what turn out to be the fairy marches. 

He's stood on the hill, whistling along with a silver flute that has been tied to a little tree with a red ribbon. Until closely inspected it appeared to be playing a tune just from the wind blowing through it. When inspected, it seems tuneless.

He swears he's stopped only briefly, and asks the party to accompany him to Oakenhead.

Despite the trip only being short, the fair is nearly ready - perhaps they were at the marches longer than they thought. Most of the stalls have been setup, and preparations for the feast are underway. For their help, Galen invites the party to the feast and to The Betrothal.
## Galen
Soft spoken but excited, Galen has clearly been doing this a long time. He sees little problem with the festival - it has been going on a long time, and is so ingrained in the public conscience that he sees nothing wrong with it.
## Fast
Fast is jolly and thinks he's funny. He's been the mead man for the festival for a while also, and is old friends with Galen. Many folk from Diddipet come along to the festival, and share in revelry of the prince.
# Shopping
## Cuw & Garrad
Cuw & Garrad are two rival dwarven cattlemen who insist on the party buying their cows. They each consider each others cattle to be inferior. They each proposition the party to steal some of the others cows. It turns out that their cows have been stolen from eachother so many times that they act as one herd.

They each have a herd of 15 cows. 
## Alie
Alie is a charismatic drow who carries with her a magic parasol that floats above her to keep the sun off of her and who she is painting. She purchased it from a certain antique store in the capital. She will invite the party, if she gets on with them, to come visit her sometime in her gallery in the capital.

She offers to paint the party "blood portraits" for a nominal fee of 5 sp. She explains these portraits use a magical technique she learnt, so that they reflect the subject always, by using a drop of their blood in her paint, coupled with a charm.

## The Willets
The willets are a bickering group of 5 trapper siblings headed by William and Willma. They runny a game stall at the fair, and are local. They offer pelts, skins and meat for a reasonable price. Galen will direct the party to help them hunt prize game for the feast.

The beast they wish to hunt is the [[Dire Wolf.pdf]]. In spite of its unusual and scarcely palatable taste, the Willets are trappers, and have an old family recipe that uses the wolf fillets to great effect.

Should the party wish to help, Willet will stay to watch the little ones while Wilma accompanies them on their travels. She uses the [[Bandit.pdf]] stat block.

The party can try to track down the Wolf with a successful DC 15 Wisdom Check that can be made several times. The party may also run into other woodland creatures on unsuccessful checks, such as a regular [[Wolf.pdf]], or an [[Elk.pdf]].

## The Feast
The feast is still being set up, and preparations will be being made for the betrothal. Once the party have spent ample time dillying (such as by helping the Willets, who Galen will direct them to).

Other various stalls litter the scene, the children are still rehearsing, and may invite the players to "ask the trees riddles", where they carve faces into the tree with knives and play a game where they speak with the trees.

# The Betrothal
Once the party are eager to move on, the betrothal begins. Some of the stalls will have started packing up and moving on. Until now, Galen has been almost secretive about the ceremony.

The 5 prospects all hold aloft birdseed, and whoever the most birds land on is to be the crowned the prince's bride for the evening. All of the prospects sing together.

Contrary to expectation, droves of birds swarm the sky, enough to cast a shadow on the feast. Countless descend on [[#Eirbian]], none touch another prosepect.

This has the retinue burst into celebration, with people carousing and drinking, with others dressing Eirbian up in her wedding best, surrounded with wreaths and blossoms.

The folk parade with Eirbian to the mouth of the [[Oakenhead#River Oaken]], an entranceway into the [[Routes Between]]. [[Gaebyryen]] grow here. She is left with some of the village folk talking, and "saying her vows".

Some of the children mummers will give a short little performance about the princes basic backstory, including a segment that seems new and unusual, where the prince goes with the [[Fairies]] when he disappears.
- The prince founds the magical colleges
- The prince uses weather magic to bring bounty and crops to those who join him, and to bring drought to those who oppose
- The prince uses fairy roads to bring his men to evil forts quickly and without being noticed
- The prince gifts the [[fairies]] lands and allegiance in exchange for [[Signetstone]] and [[Fairy Wine]].
- The prince disappears with the fairies to take a fairy queen, [[Red Mollie]].

By the time the group have returned from the performance, [[#Eirbian]] is gone, and in her place is a crate of new [[Fairy Wine]]. The celebrants grab the case and parade back to the banquet. The wine is shared round, and all become intoxicated.

Back at the feast, folk head to [[Oakenhead#Broom Hill]], and dance. The wind is full of whistling and music: countless little silver flutes have been tied to the trees with red ribbons.

Some of the mummer children approach the party - you can't tell if it's the wine or not but something is off - the skull is not picked clean, but rather has tatters of rotted flesh. The feet are not that of a child, but that of a rotted lamb. It stinks. They use the [[Sprite.pdf]] stat block, but without flight, 30 ft. walking, and size small.

The wind kicks up. The music turns to a cacophony. A rider stands on the top of the hill on a pale horse. It uses the [[Dryad.pdf]] stat block, along with a [[Riding Horse.pdf]]. Beside it stands the nude figure of Eirbian. He cuts her down. People scream and scatter. The music sours. Great mist rolls in, hedgerows spring up, covered in the tattered banners and wedding clothes of previous years.

The party wander in the half-light. They may encounter Mummers or Sprites ([[Sprite.pdf]]). They may instead encounter a pair of chained blink dogs ([[Blink Dog.pdf]]), tied to a leash wrapped around a dismembered hound. They find a clearing by a silver basin, where they half-living Eirbian tries to wash the blood from her self, muttering about being spoilt. She is mad and unresponsive.

Eventually, the party find themselves back at the marshes. The princes steward stands in front of a vast castle that burrows into the Earth. Before it stands the pale rider. He attacks the party for trespassing.

When the party defeats the rider, the mists lift, the castle and whistles vanish. The stewards corpse remains on the ground, and his horse becomes neutral. The party can attempt to tame it. By the next morning, the stewards fine clothes will turn back to rags, his rapier back to a simple wooden club, and his fine pale steed back to a mule.

Back at Oakenhead, the village is in disarray. Fine fairy wine is left lying about. Stalls are abandoned. What folk are still around are dazed, panicked and still not entirely lucid. Some are looking for lost companions.

Galen is present, sobbing. He is confused. He doesn't understand why the prince would do this, why he wouldn't take Eirbian. Tomas, Eirbians lover, is present and may relate what happened. He is remorseful.

There is nothing left for the party at Oakenhead. Galen will recommend the party stay with [[#Fast]], at the [[Diddipet#The Three Combs]] in [[Diddipet]]. Fast is distraught, and panicked, and suggests sleep.
## Eirbian
A human woman and prospect for the prince's bride. She is selected. She's eager and excited, and doesn't seem to get nervous until near the end - when the reality of things begin to dawn on her.

Eirbian has a secret - she is no maiden. The Prince will not accept her as his bride, and this leads to the ensuing meltdown.

# Defeating The Satyr
The party must first defeat the attacking force from the remainder of the previous session, consisting of:
- A [[Satyr.pdf|Satyr]]. He has the skull of a ram, is shrouded in a fine cloak of brocaded silk featuring patterns of holly-leaves. 
- A peaceful [[Riding Horse.pdf|Fairy Steed]], who will scatter following dismount.
- 1-2 [[Blink Dog.pdf|Blink Dog]]s, who teleport in mid-fight at the behest of their master.
Mists and briars spring up around the party during the fight, adorned with tatters of wedding dresses and dried flowers. Behind the opposing force seemingly looms a vast castle. When the combat ends, the mists and briars disappear alongside the castle, and the party find themselves before the tree on the fairy marches between [[Oakenhead]] and [[Diddipet]].
# Emesfestofeles
(Em-ess-fuh-stoff-ill-ees)
# Leads
Following the [[Oakenhead]] massacre, the party are left with few leads:
- A silver whistle, belonging to the [[fairies]]. This will turn to a regular pipe made of hemlock, which is poisonous, after 1 day. It is doubtful anything could be gleaned from this, other than it was enchanted by fairy magic.
- A beautiful white steed, which turns into a donkey after just 1 day. Like the rest of the fairy's possessions, it is a mundane object enchanted with illusory magic - though its school is difficult to determine, thanks to the strange nature and specificity of fairy magic. It does, however, remain domesticated to the party. Donkeys sell for 8gp.
- The fairy's possessions, which consist of a sword (branch), finery (rags), a cloak (tattered sheet), a ram's skull
- A [[Signetstone]] signet ring. This is the key lead, and will need identification by one of noble standing, perhaps a personage of importance in [[Aloghsterre]].
- [[Gaebyryen]]. These are rare, and unseen by all but the most isolate of rural folk.
- Around the village were hung tapestries depicting the prince with a red-haired bride ([[Red Mollie]]), who would be impossible recognize. Additionally, Mollie's crest was hung on some tapestries, depicting 2 gold dots emblazoned on a green field. Together, these would need inspecting by the experts at the [[Royal University of Magic]].

Additionally, the party can find the aftermath of the massacre at [[Oakenhead]]. [[Fairy Wine]] is strewn around. There are no bodies besides [[1. Oakenhead#Eirbian|Eirbian]]'s. [[#Tomas]] can be found, weeping over his dead, secret, love. [[1. Oakenhead#Galen|Galen]] is present inside the wooden longhouse, in his office, vacant, with his belongings strewn on the ground. He doesn't understand how this has happened, and explains he's been doing this since before the time of his grandfather, and nothing before could've gone this wrong. He will suggest the party stay the night in [[Diddipet#The Three Combs|The Three Combs]] in [[Diddipet]], with [[1. Oakenhead#Fast|Fast]].
## Tomas
Tomas was [[1. Oakenhead#Eirbian|Eirbian]]'s secret lover. He didn't understand the gravity of what could've happened. He is only a young man.