# Leads
Following the [[Oakenhead]] massacre, the party are left with few leads:
- A silver whistle, belonging to the [[fairies]]. This will turn to a regular pipe made of hemlock, which is poisonous, after 1 day. It is doubtful anything could be gleaned from this, other than it was enchanted by fairy magic.
- A beautiful white steed, which turns into a donkey after just 1 day. Like the rest of the fairy's possessions, it is a mundane object enchanted with illusory magic - though its school is difficult to determine, thanks to the strange nature and specificity of fairy magic. It does, however, remain domesticated to the party. Donkeys sell for 8gp.
- The fairy's possessions, which consist of a sword (branch), finery (rags), a cloak (tattered sheet), a ram's skull
- A [[Signetstone]] signet ring. This is the key lead, and will need identification by one of noble standing, perhaps a personage of importance in [[Aloghsterre]].
- [[Gaebyryen]]. These are rare, and unseen by all but the most isolate of rural folk.
- Around the village were hung tapestries depicting the prince with a red-haired bride ([[Red Mollie]]), who would be impossible recognize. Additionally, Mollie's crest was hung on some tapestries, depicting 2 gold dots emblazoned on a green field. Together, these would need inspecting by the experts at the [[The Three Colleges#Royal University of Magic]].
TODO: Detail how these leads nudge the players to RUM.
# To The Capital
The journey to the capital is neither long nor arduous, but these roads are steadily growing less-travelled. 
TODO: Detail the route to the capital.
TODO: Detail entrance to the capital.
# RUM
Once at the Royal University of Magic, the party step foot in a grandiose entranceway, with large oak stairs flagging a marble desk. Eline, a slender and attractive half-elf is seated at the desk. She will automatically assume that:
- Aluna is the head of the party.
- The rest of the party are here as her escorts.
- Aluna is here to make an inquiry about the school of commerce.
Eline will be very chatty towards Aluna and start trying to sell the college as a place to be, trying to entice her to join. When she finds out their desire to see the professor of fairy anthropology, she'll be very surprised and confused as to their interest.
Eline will have the guests sign the older, dustier register below the desk. Within the register's margins lies a mark of [[Daegan]] next to the name of Professor [[#Andoka Vyes]], who was visited by  [[Rufus Agni]]. A follower of [[Daegan]] may notice this.
She will then direct them towards Professor [[#Ruby Glimmerstone]]'s office. She doesn't know 'those schools' intimately (due to the lack of visitors), so directs them to Glimmerstone thanks to his status as schoolmaster for the academic branch.
Eventually, the party will make it to Prof. Glimmerstone's office. His door is sparkly and decorated with gemstones, located near the entrance of the north wing.
En-route, the party will be harassed by a group of Rummies. They will leer at Aluna and mock the party for their financial state. 
## Ruby Glimmerstone
Contrary to his foppish name, Ruby is a gruff dwarven man seated at a mis-sized desk. He is a professor of geology and mineralogy, studying the magical effects of certain crystals and so forth. He is gruff, no nonsense, and focused on his work, but will gladly help the adventurers once he's convinced they have a legitimate line on scientific enquiry.
Contrary to his plain dress, his office is surrounded by gorgeous gemstones, stolen stalagmites, and a myriad of minerals. He is able recognize the signet ring the party give them as [[Signetstone]], and asserts its authenticity. He however, cannot identify it further, and directs the players to visit the professors of Fairie Anthropology, and Heraldry: [[#Clyacious Byrian]], and [[#Markus Stazz]].
## Clyacious Byrian
Elven professor of anthropology.
## Markus Stazz
Tiefling professor of heraldry. Currently missing.
## Andoka Vyes
Dragonborn professor of religious studies.