Aloghsterre IS a star - the prince built a bright white platform far in the atmosphere. its outer walls are of shimmering white, and within is onyx, basalt, studded with pearls, marble of black and white. It is furnished with cloth of many colours, making it one of the most contrasted cities of all.

On the ground, against a tall chalk cliff, is a large gatehouse with a barracks and a guardhouse built of whitewashed stone. The guardhouse and barracks are built and carved into the cliff. A portcullis blocks the path. Through each slot of the portcullis you can see a different part of the city. This is perpetually manned by the princes guard, and is one of a few enterances into this city, but only one is active at a time. The others are kept as redundancies. 

The guards are very welcoming to fellow followers of the prince, but cautious are strangers, skeptical of unusual species and hostile to underfolk: Drow and those others who "scorn the princes light". 

# RUM
Once at the Royal University of Magic, the party step foot in a grandiose entranceway, with large oak stairs flagging a marble desk. Eline, a slender and attractive half-elf is seated at the desk. She will automatically assume that:
- [[Aluna]] is the head of the party.
- The rest of the party are here as her escorts.
- Aluna is here to make an inquiry about the school of commerce.
Eline will be very chatty towards Aluna and start trying to sell the college as a place to be, trying to entice her to join. When she finds out their desire to see the professor of fairy anthropology, she'll be very surprised and confused as to their interest.
Eline will have the guests sign the older, dustier register below the desk. Within the register's margins lies a mark of [[Daegan]] next to the name of Professor [[#Andoka Vyes]], who was visited by  [[Rufus Agni]]. A follower of [[Daegan]] may notice this.
She will then direct them towards Professor [[#Ruby Glimmerstone]]'s office. She doesn't know 'those schools' intimately (due to the lack of visitors), so directs them to Glimmerstone thanks to his status as schoolmaster for the academic branch.
Eventually, the party will make it to Prof. Glimmerstone's office. His door is sparkly and decorated with gemstones, located near the entrance of the north wing.
En-route, the party will be harassed by a group of Rummies. They will leer at Aluna and mock the party for their financial state. 
## Ruby Glimmerstone
Contrary to his foppish name, Ruby is a gruff dwarven man seated at a mis-sized desk. He is a professor of geology and mineralogy, studying the magical effects of certain crystals and so forth. He is gruff, no nonsense, and focused on his work, but will gladly help the adventurers once he's convinced they have a legitimate line on scientific enquiry.
Contrary to his plain dress, his office is surrounded by gorgeous gemstones, stolen stalagmites, and a myriad of minerals. He is able recognize the signet ring the party give them as [[Signetstone]], and asserts its authenticity. He however, cannot identify it further, and directs the players to visit the professors of Fairie Anthropology, and Heraldry: [[#Clyacious Byrian]], and [[#Markus Stazz]].
## Clyacious Byrian
Elven professor of fairy anthropology. She is eccentric and a bit of a hippy. She'd be delighted to hear of an see any of the fairy artefacts, and has something to say of the importance of music to fairy culture.
Explaining the festival in more detail will horrify and also delight Byrian. She believes it is fantastic that fairies and humans are having relations, but is obviously disgusted at the lack of regard for human life, and the terms of the contract reached. She can only speculate as to the purpose - the prince gifted human brides and grooms to fairy nobility in the days of yore as surety, but the practice is growing outdated nowadays.
As for the existence of fresh [[Fairy Wine]], she is confused. Fairy arts do not last, and she believed the craftsmanship would've died by now.
She'll be ecstatic to hear about the opening of a route between, and even more so about the propagation of [[Gaebyryen]] in the mortal realm - it implies that constant use opens the doorways wider.
She might have something to say about the [[Signetstone]] ring - she doesn't know the crest (as fairy nobility is fluctuating and destroying itself constantly), but knows Signetstone is from [[Fairyland]]. She'll advise visiting Professor [[#Markus Stazz]] for information about the crest. She explains the practice of house rings originated from Fairyland and was aped by the prince.
She doesn't know of [[Red Mollie]] - all her sources are historical. 
She will mention [[Hollytide]], if prompted and discuss this is not the only time [[Fairyland]] forces tried to invade - [[Sídhe]] present all over the island are the bastions of an old fairy force, and are to be avoided at all costs.
She loves Prof. Glimmerstone, but finds Prof. Strazz a difficult man to work with, hence her lack of any real knowledge on heraldry.
## Markus Stazz
Tiefling professor of heraldry. Currently on expedition.

Eventually, the party will've been redirected to Prof. Strazz, thanks to his knowledge of heraldry. Even though he is unable to directly identify the ring as belonging to the nobles of the [[House of Holly]] - Signetstone is abundant in fairyland, so they lack the significance placed upon them in Mislicnesig: even a lower page may have a Signetstone brooch or ring.

However, he cannot impart this knowledge: he is not there. He has gone on an expedition to the north of [[Kitterland]] to investigate the differences in heraldry related to [[Robus]]' forces from [[Latus]]. However, he was captured en-route by [[Kadva Kahv]]'s forces in the west of [[Dederlic]], where he remains. Despite the fact he, like the rest of the academic staff in RUM, is ignored and of little consequence, the reputation of RUM precedes him and Kahv's forces believe him to be a useful bargaining chip. This all happened extraordinarily recently, and is unknown to the university staff, who think he is on the way to university contacts in Pulit-Aspell.

The clues as to his disappearance will be made apparent as the players attempt to navigate to [[Pulit-Aspell]] themselves - [[Ganmarn]] is difficult to pass, especially for a carriage-riding professor. While little routes litter the mountains, the only one big enough for carriages is [[Ganmarn#Treppeway]]. Treppeway, however, is blocked by the corpse of a dead [[Mammoth Crab]]. Consequently, he must've aimed to head up, through [[Dederlic]], which is currently under a somewhat violent rule at the hands of [[Kadva Kahv]]. The party can either follow his second route, or head up through [[Kitterland]].
## Andoka Vyes
[[Dragonborn]] professor of religious studies. A solemn and serious woman, the party encounter her in the midst of a lecture to a rapt smattering of students. The lecture hall is nearly empty, but the party can choose to listen at the back, signal her or simply wait. If they attempt to interrupt her current speech she will stare at them impertinently and continue her point: She is dedicated to her craft.

When the party are able to speak to her, she will refuse to divulge information of private visitors to strangers, assuming that [[Aluna]] is a Rummy trying to spread gossip.

The truth is, however, that she was visited by [[Rufus Agni]] to answer specific questions regarding the intricacies of [[Faith]], especially temple faith. Discussion on the temple faith still present in the [[Crakeeyots]] apparently inspired his attention, and he left.