# Oakenhead
The party fed the people of Oakenhead or Diddpet by befriending a donkey. Hetuwa took this noble ass to the village by himself, so he has plenty of time to think and reflect on the way home. He experiences a vision. 
## Hetuwa's Vision
The prince's fabled throne room lays empty, the throne lays shattered on the ground, but the stars in the ceiling overhead shine on. A man walks calmly towards the throne, picks up shards of the shattered glass, and slides them, upright, into the crown of his head, so they look like the palisades of a crown. He then reaches up, and plucks the stars from the sky, holding them in his bloody hand. He places the brightest on his right ring finger. The glass he did not pick up from the floor has formed an arch, which the man seems to somehow step through, stars in hand.
## Panga's Investigation
Panga is investigating the body of the fairy duke on the ground. As fairies rely on illusion instead of craftsmanship, all of his finery has turned to rags and scrap. His crown and imposing figure is now naught but a rotting goat's skull strapped to his head. The fairy is dirty, but beneath the grime is skin of a faintly greenish and bronzed hue. The skin seems to come away like the scales of butterfly wings. The body of a fairy is brittle and decomposes quickly, a strong rainstorm could wash it away. Scarce clues are to be found at the body. The trail of the horse's hooves would lead the party once more to the mouth of the river, but the way is shut. 

The body of Eirbian is gone, her mother had her taken to The Three Combs, where she lies in the cellar, awaiting burial. 

Galen is also missing. He was killed by Tomas following the death of Eirbian. He was drowned in the very pool of water Eirbian vanished from, and dumped nearby in the undergrowth. Tomas then fled town from shame, guilt and loss.