#faith 
* A creation god not from [[Mislicnesig]], who is too old, cemented and distanced to be challenged - there are no churches here because his faith is so old and distant. He can be mentioned in certain turns of phrase, at certain weddings/consummations, as well as at births - often spoken by older members of family. Gods do not actively oppose him as he is less worshipped and more colloquialised. He is sung about in certain incredibly old workmen’s chants - telling of how he hewed the form of the earth from rock when the world was shapeless with his hoe sharp and true. The world was then without sunrise and sunset, as the sun could not surmount the walls of the earth, so one could not even tell how long he laboured in darkness.
* Other creation myths exist, but these mostly concern the creation of [[Mislicnesig]], as opposed to the whole world - only the old and bold make such claims.
* Mortals ultimately settled in [[Mislicnesig]] from other lands - this is truly old folklore, and is one of the oldest gods.
* Like the Sumerian song of the hoe, old workmen's chants sing of this tale, with any surviving scripture buried in lands of antiquity. They sing of the significance of the hoe as they work, talking of its divine role in creation. In turn they are believed to be granted their god's tirelessness - it is not so much a boon, and more done in reverence: they mimic their god to gain his strength.
* In reality, this god rarely turns his gaze to the little isle: he is truly old, and seeks only rest after his unceasing labour. Whether or not he is the true creation myth, belief manifests itself, and so he believes it was the case.
* Could be named Robus, latin for strength, from which ‘labour’ is derived.